link config-private-registry.md to quick start README.md (#464)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/user/quick-start.md

```

After this access secrete successfully deployed, you can start to use Kyma CLI manage modules for remote cluster.

# Next Steps

> - For publish Module Template in private OCI registry refer to our [Provide credential for private OCI registry authentication](tutorials/config-private-registry.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For publishing Module Templates in a private OCI registry, refer to our [Private Registry Configuration Guide](tutorials/config-private-registry.md)
```

> - For manage Module initialization with provided strategies refer to our [Manage Module Initialization with CustomResourcePolicy](tutorials/manage-module-with-custom-resource-policy.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For managing module initialization with the provided strategies, refer to our [Managing module initialization with the CustomResourcePolicy](tutorials/manage-module-with-custom-resource-policy.md)
```
